Date when I went through the Git Lab Tutorials: 10/11/2022
Date when I setup my GitHub Account: beginning of the Fall 2022 semester.
Link to the repository: https://github.com/dd19o/assignment2.git

Repository Tasks:

5.1
On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

nothing to commit, working tree clean


5.2 There has been 11 commits done to this repository so far. I used the "git rev-list --count master" command to get this number. 

5.3 Command used "git log -1 --pretty="format:%ct       %cr     %h" README.md . Last modified date: 2 days ago

5.4. 1. Branches are helpful if you make a mistake you are working a "backup" and you don't lose all your original work. You can push updates once they are complete and tested 100%.
     2. Branches are also very helpful when working in a team setting becayse things would get messy fast if multiple people were editing the same files at the same time. Everyone working on their own branch solves this issue.

5.5 The git log command shows a list of previous commits while the git status command shows changes made since the last commit.

5.6 git log -- Vehicle.h

5.7 git log -- grep="file"

5.8. 1. Inheritance is when gets its properties from another class. (like parent/child classes)
     2. Polymorphism is when a child class overloads one of its parents functions to work in a different manner for its specific needs.
     3. Encapsulaton is when code is written in a way that the user is on a "need-to-know" basis and cannot access any more of the data than they need. This includes using Public, Private, and Protected access modifiers.

5.9
Integration Manager:
- Each developer makes push to his/her own public repository, and pull from the blessed/central repository. 
- Integration conflict resolution are done by the integration manager.(Centralized integration)
- Each developer makes pull and push to his/her own public repository.

Dictator and Lieutenants:
- One central/blessed repository: Everyone makes pull from this repository. Only the dictator can push to it.
- Dictator repository: Merges changes in the lieutenant repositories and solves any arising conflicts.
- Lieutenant repositories: Merges changes for some (not all) developers and solves conflicts. A developer pushes changes to the assigned lieutenant repository.

5.10 
For a team of 100 developers it would be more benefitial to choose Dictator and Lieutenants workflow because Dictator is the only guy who has the permission
to push to the central/blessed repository. He also merges changes in the Lieutenants repositories and solves any arising conflicts so that the central/blessed
repository doesn't get the changes that could not "work" with the updated code. On the other hand, there are Lieutenants who merge changes from developers and
solve conflicts before the Dictator gets to see the changes. That way, the developers can push the changes to the Lieutenants but are not guaranteed for their
push to be succesfull (the git push can be rejected by Lieutenant if they think that the code is no good).